Documented the config-global.php file purpose (#9109)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/test/integration/integration_test_execution.md

You can include additional setup options—available to the `setup:install` command—in the test configuration file. A
complete list of options is available [here]({{ page.baseurl }}/install-gde/install/cli/install-cli.html).

> If your project requires custom entries in the `core_config_data` table (like introduction of new 3rd party services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project requires custom entries in the `core_config_data` table (like the introduction of new 3rd party services
```

that affect your application on a basic level or configuration for logic that would prevent access if not configured
properly), Magento provides a file template that you can use for this purpose.

Copy `dev/tests/integration/etc/config-global.php.dist` to `dev/tests/integration/etc/config-global.php` (without the

> `.dist` suffix) and add your path-value pairs there. Do not remove existing entries from the file as they're required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.dist` suffix) and add your path-value pairs there. Do not remove existing entries from the file as they are required
```
